When Miss Ran Ran Xu was
About the head
Don't give up
I'm 12.
Miss Shi is below the Phoenix Hall
He beat Vermilion Bird to his direct disciple
Grant the order of His Royal Highness the Warlord
Put the Phoenix Order in your hands
Ran Ran, hurry up and accept it
This must have been specially prepared by the Warlord for you
The Warlord is very important
Phoenix Store This is the treasure of Phoenix Store
Can represent His Royal Highness the Warlord
The Phoenix store has received this identity license.
Give 13
Is what the police lady said true?
Definitely?
It seems that His Highness the comrade-in-arms is really imposing
Liberation or not
How could you put such a valuable thing?
Give it to the goddaughter
Haiswear is going to change after all
Ran Ran, you really found a good mother
This Lord Huang
It must be for Mrs. Jing's sake
I will give you this treasure as a gift.
How much do you want to thank Mrs. Jing?
Why must I respect you well in the future?
This is what a godmother should do.
Lord Yin, you came just in time
There's a guy who has a barbecue stall.
make nonsense
Impersonate the Emperor and insult the Phoenix Store
And this
Lord Chi Yin, everything I say is true
Everyone here can testify
That's right for Lord Chi Yin
That person has never put the Phoenix Hall in his eyes
How dare someone pretend to be His Royal Highness the War Emperor?
I'd like to see who's not talking here